Docs 7055 veeva vault documentation edit2 (#603)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/veevavault/veevavault-connector-studio.adoc

> = VeevaVault Connector Studio Configuration - Mule 4

Reviewer: HERE 29 Jan

> = VeevaVault Connector Studio Configuration - Mule 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Veeva Vault Connector Studio Configuration - Mule 4
```

Reviewer: Also, that's a lot of adjective nesting, and I was not sure whether we were configging VV for Studio or vice verse, until the very end: "After configuring VeevaVault Connector for use in Studio...".
Consider...:
```suggestion
= Veeva Vault Connector Configuration for Studio - Mule 4
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Add VeevaVault Connector to a Mule project in Anypoint Studio, configure an input source for the Mule flow, and configure the connector. Anypoint Studio provides two ways to add the connector to your Studio project: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Veeva Vault Connector to a Mule project in Anypoint Studio, configure an input source for the Mule flow, and configure the connector. Anypoint Studio provides two ways to add the connector to your Studio project: 
```

Reviewer: This seems like kind of a brusque intro to configuring Veeva Vault to work with Studio. Should we add something about WHY our audience wants or needs to do this? What is the purpose of adding, configuring input source, and configuring connector: what can the audience DO after this config? What problem does it solve?

> Add VeevaVault Connector to a Mule project in Anypoint Studio, configure an input source for the Mule flow, and configure the connector. Anypoint Studio provides two ways to add the connector to your Studio project: 

Reviewer: The first sentence lists three tasks; the second begins the first task, so I suggest a line break:
```suggestion
Add VeevaVault Connector to a Mule project in Anypoint Studio, configure an input source for the Mule flow, and configure the connector. 

Anypoint Studio provides two ways to add the connector to your Studio project: 
```
In fact, we might add the task before the product name:
```suggestion
Add VeevaVault Connector to a Mule project in Anypoint Studio, configure an input source for the Mule flow, and configure the connector. 

You can add the connector to your Anypoint Studio project in one of two ways: 
```

* From the Exchange button in the Studio taskbar
* From the Mule Palette view  

To configure a connector in Anypoint Studio:

. Add the connector to your Studio project
. Configure an input source for the flow

> . Configure the connector

Reviewer: Now I am confused. This seems like an alternate introduction.
Please reread this intro topic and ensure that it meets the following requirements:
* It introduces the product or task.
* It tells WHY the audience wants or needs the product or task.
* It leads the audience to expect each of the topics the second level.

> == Installing AnyPoint Studio

Reviewer: Does this topic really belong here? The title sort of implies that you already have Studio.

> Before installing Studio, install the following components:

Reviewer: It's sort of shocking to read "Installing..." and then directly after, "Before installing...."
Maybe something more like "Installing...requires that you already have Java and Apache Maven installed."
And I'm not sure that pointing the audience to third-party installation is part of our job.

* https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html[Java]
* https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi[Apache Maven]

> . Download https://docs.mulesoft.com/studio/7.3/to-download-and-install-studio[Anypoint Studio] and install it.

Reviewer: Again, I think this should be already done and not included in a config topic.

> . Configure Maven:

Reviewer: HOWEVER...Maven is installed, but needs configuration specific to configuring Studio for VV?
Maven wasn't configured as part of being downloaded for Studio?
And what about Java; it's okay as installed?
I know these are basic questions, and that maybe your particular audience understands. Just making sure.

[loweralpha]
.. Under the *Anypoint Studio* (Mac or Linux) or *Window* (Windows) menu, click *Preferences > Anypoint Studio > Maven*.
.. Click *Browse* to locate the folder where you installed Maven.
.. Click *Test Maven Configuration*. 
.. When the green checkmark appears, click *OK*.
+

> image::veevavault/veevavault-connector-maven-test.png[]

Reviewer: This does not sound like configuring; it sounds like only testing. Why?

Reviewer: So, hmmm. I'm not sold on all the prereq information. 
Given the title, I would assume that Studio is installed and operating properly. I feel like we are backtracking by describing the need to install Java, Maven, and Studio, and how to do each of those things.

Perhaps the intro to the entire topic set should add that configuring Studio to work with VV requires an existing installation of Studio (which would automatically require Java and Maven)?

Or a Prereqs section between the topic set intro and the first task introduced in that intro: adding the connector to (exisiting installation of) Studio?

> == Add the Connector Using Exchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Add the Connector to Studio Using Exchange
```

Reviewer: Consider adding here...:

"You can add the connector to Studio from either Exchange or from within Studio itself. To use Exchange:

Reviewer: However, the two options documented at the outset are "From the Exchange button in the Studio taskbar" or "From the Mule Palette view." The wordings for these methods is inconsistent and might be confusing.

Reviewer: And...aren't both methods using Studio: one the Exchange button and one the palette?

> . In Studio, create a Mule project.

Reviewer: The intro text mentions this task: "Add VeevaVault Connector to a Mule project in Anypoint Studio."
Again, I wonder if this does not presuppose that a Mule project already exists, and we don't need this step?

. Click the Exchange icon *(X)* in the upper-left of the Studio task bar.
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.

> . In Exchange, search for "VeevaVault".

Reviewer: Is this still one word in this context?

> . Select VeevaVault Connector and click *Add to project*.

Reviewer: ditto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *VeevaVault Connector* and click *Add to project*.
```

> . Follow the prompts to install the connector.

Reviewer: I love it when we let the UI do its work!

== Add the Connector in Studio

> 

Reviewer: ditto transition text. I think it is OK to repeat that sentence about two methods, or reword a little like this:

As an alternative to adding the connector by using the Exchange button in Studio, you can use the Mule Palette view in Studio:

Reviewer: And, again, isn't this title misleading? the two methods both reside in Studio: the Exchange button and the palette.

> . In Studio, create a Mule project.

Reviewer: ditto re. existing

> . In the Mule Palette view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.

Reviewer: So...you are actually using Exchange after all?
I'm so confused. 
It sounds like the connector is added using Exchange, either by way of the Studio Exchange button or the Studio palette.

. In *Add Modules to Project*, type "VeevaVault" in the search field.
. In *Available modules*, click *VeevaVault Connector* and click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

> == Configure an Input Source for the Flow

Reviewer: This is one of the three tasks: add connector, config input source, and config connector.
They are peers, so I wonder if we should move both "adding" topics into one Add the Veeva Vault Connector to Studio, with two "...using" narratives.

> Configure an input source for the flow, such as HTTP Connector - *HTTP Listener*, or *Scheduler*.

Reviewer: Also seems terse. Maybe "After adding the connector to Studio, you next configure an input source for the flow. <some brief thing about why you need to do this>.
It is, after all, a second-level topic, and peer to the adding and config connector tasks.
Also, I'm not sure what this hyphen (paired with the comma)means: "such as HTTP Connector - *HTTP Listener*, or *Scheduler*. Maybe we should leave it at HTTP Connector alone, or maybe just name the listener and scheduler.

== Configure the Connector

> To use VeevaVault Connector in your Mule app, configure a global VeevaVault element that can be used by all VeevaVault Connector operations in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Veeva Vault Connector in your Mule app, configure a global Veeva Vault element that can be used by all Veeva Vault Connector operations in the application.
```

> . To create a global element for the connector, click the *Global Elements* tab at the bottom of the canvas and click *Create*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To create a global Veeva Vault element, click the *Global Elements* tab at the bottom of the Studio canvas and click *Create*.
```

+
. In the *Choose Global Type* window, expand *Connector Configuration*, click *Veeva Vault Config*, and click *OK*.
+

> . In the Veeva Vault Config window, in the *General* tab, enter the configuration values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Veeva Vault Config window, find the *General* tab and enter the following configuration values:
```

+
image::veevavault/veevavault-connector-basic-authentication-general.png[]
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|*Field* |*Description*
|*Name* |Enter a name for this configuration to reference it later.
|*Vault URL* |Enter the Veeva Vault instance URL.
|*Username* |Enter the Veeva Vault instance username.
|*Password* |Enter the password that corresponds to the username.
|*Version* |Enter the Veeva Vault instance version.
|*Client Id* |Enter the client ID to send with each request in the header for tracking purposes, in the format: `\{organisation}-{company\|team}`. +

> The client ID is prefixed with "mulesoft" and has a suffix with "client-vaultconnector" internally, for example: `mulesoft-abcpharma-clinicalprod-client-vaultconnector`. 

Reviewer: If this is "internal" and transparent to the user, do we need to include it?

|===
+
In the previous image, the placeholder values refer to a configuration file placed in the folder (`src/main/resources`) of your project. You can either hardcode your credentials into the global configuration properties or reference a configuration file that contains these values. +

> For simpler maintenance and better reusability of your project, using a configuration file is recommended. Keeping these values in a separate file is useful if you need to deploy to different environments, such as production, development, and QA, where your access credentials differ. +

Reviewer: Consider combining and downplaying the less desirable approach:

Although you can either hardcode your credentials into the global configuration properties, you can simplify maintenance and achieve better project reusability if you reference a configuration file that contains these values instead. Keeping these values in a separate file is useful if you need to deploy to different environments in which your access credentials differ (such as production, development, and QA).

> The following is an example snippet of the `configuration.yaml` file under the `src/main/resources/config` folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is a snippet of the `configuration.yaml` file under the `src/main/resources/config` folder:
```

+
[source,yaml,linenums]
----
	#Veeva Vault details
	veeva:
		vaultURL: "https://xxxx-xxxx.veevavault.com"
		username: "someone@example.com"
		password: "xxxxxxx"
		version : "v19.1"
		clientId: "mulesoft-abcpharma-clinicalprod-client-vaultconnector"
----
+

> The connection configuration performs basic authentication, which accepts the required Vault URL, username, and password parameters to connect to the Veeva Vault instance to retrieve the session. The retrieved session is used for each operation configured in the Mule application for sending requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection configuration performs basic authentication, which accepts the required vault URL, username, and password parameters to connect to the Veeva Vault instance to retrieve the session. The retrieved session is used for sending requests by each operation configured in the Mule application.
```

> . In the Veeva Vault Config window, *Advanced* tab, configure the burst API limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Veeva Vault Config window, find the *Advanced* tab and configure the burst API limit:
```

Reviewer: But the text that follows configures more than the burst limit: daily limit and response timeout? Or are all these part of the same thing?
Is this just one huge step? Yikes.

+
image::veevavault/veevavault-connector-basic-authentication-advanced.png[]
+
*Burst API Limit Profile*
+

> The burst API limit profile configuration to use if the specified burst API limit of the Veeva Vault API reaches the threshold of the configured value or is exceeded.

Reviewer: This not being a complete sentence threw me off for a bit, but then I realized that this was like a definition list, in which case you want to remove the period.
I have edited for this in all the peer texts. Whatever you decide to do, be sure they are all parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The burst API limit profile configuration to use if the specified burst API limit of the Veeva Vault API reaches the threshold of the configured value or is exceeded
```

+

> If *Burst API Limit Exceed Profile* is enabled (default), then the connector evaluates the Veeva Vault API's response header (`X-VaultAPI-BurstLimitRemaining`) with the specified API Limit threshold value. If the remaining burst API limit reaches or exceeds this threshold value, the connector waits for the specified wait time to roll over the Burst Limit Remaining in five-minute windows.

Reviewer: If something is a default, consider avoiding "if"...because...well, it's the default:
```suggestion
The default behavior for  *Burst API Limit Exceed Profile* is enabled, which means that the connector evaluates the Veeva Vault API's response header (`X-VaultAPI-BurstLimitRemaining`) with the specified API Limit threshold. If the remaining burst API limit reaches or exceeds this, the connector waits a specified time before rolling over the Burst Limit Remaining in five-minute windows.
```
To what does "in five-minute windows" refer: the rollover or the Burst Limit Remaining value?

+

> The following is an example from the application logs showing a warning message at `2019-06-06 10:34:45,096` and subsequently waiting for five minutes before rerunning as shown in the next message at `2019-06-06 10:39:45,098`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is an example from the application logs, showing a warning message at `2019-06-06 10:34:45,096` and subsequently waiting for five minutes before rerunning as shown in the next message at `2019-06-06 10:39:45,098`: 
```

INFO 2019-06-06 10:39:45,098 [[MuleRuntime].io.27: [veevavault-connector-demo].get-documents-operationFlow.BLOCKING @2dd2ffaf] [event: 99716950-8818-11e9-90e2-d61515f42856] org.mule.extension.veevavault.internal.pagination.GetDocumentsPagingProvider: Query Build :: SELECT name__v, type__v, subtype__v, classification__v, lifecycle__v, status__v, study__v, product__v, id FROM documents WHERE name__v= 'F22611234--6764'

INFO 2019-06-06 10:39:46,024 [[MuleRuntime].io.27: [veevavault-connector-demo].get-documents-operationFlow.BLOCKING @2dd2ffaf] [event: 99716950-8818-11e9-90e2-d61515f42856] org.mule.extension.veevavault.internal.service.HttpRequestService: Response received for sync http request :: 'https://[vault-domain]/api/v18.2/query?q=SELECT+name__v%2C+type__v%2C+subtype__v%2C+classification__v%2C+lifecycle__v%2C+status__v%2C+study__v%2C+product__v%2C+id+FROM+documents+WHERE+name__v%3D+%27F22611234--6764%27++LIMIT+1000+OFFSET+0' in 925 milliseconds.
----
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|*Field* |*Description*

> |*API Limit Threshold* |Enter the VeevaVault API threshold limit. When this threshold is reached or exceeded, the connector waits the specified time. The default is `200`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*API Limit Threshold* |Enter the Veeva Vault API threshold. When this threshold is reached or exceeded, the connector waits a specified time. The default is `200`.
```
200 seconds?

Author: No. Number of API requests.

> |*Wait Time* |Enter the amount of time the connector should wait if the API limit threshold is reached or exceeded. The default is `5`.

Reviewer: minutes?
Oh, I see it below.
Too bad the UI has them in this order.

|*Time Unit* |Select the time unit for the wait time. The default is `MINUTES`.
|===
+
*Daily API Limit Exceed Profile:*
+

> The daily API limit exceed profile configuration (*Connector Configuration > Advanced Tab*) to use if the daily API limit of the Veeva Vault API reaches or exceeds the configured threshold. The daily limit is the total number of API calls within any 24-hour window on a daily rolling basis.

Reviewer: ditto format
```suggestion
The daily API limit exceed profile configuration (*Connector Configuration > Advanced Tab*) to use if the daily API limit of the Veeva Vault API reaches or exceeds the configured threshold
The daily limit is the total number of API calls within any 24-hour window on a daily rolling basis.
```

+

> If the *Daily API Limit Exceed Profile* is enabled (default), then the connector evaluates the Veeva Vault API's response header (*X-VaultAPI-DailyLimitRemaining*) for the specified value of the threshold, and throws an exception indicating the daily API limit is exceeded. The exception continues to be thrown for each and every job or request created until the daily limit is reset or rolled over to the next day.

Reviewer: ditto prev. suggestion for rewording based on "default"

Reviewer: "indicating" > "indicating that"

Reviewer: "each and every" is idiomatic, although not incorrect.
It is a more forceful way of saying "each," and that is what I would use instead, for Global English.

+

> Following is an example log recorded which shows warning at *2019-06-06 10:47:31,698*, then an error is thrown at *2019-06-06 10:47:31,699*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is an example log that shows a warning at *2019-06-06 10:47:31,698* and an error at *2019-06-06 10:47:31,699*:
```

ERROR 2019-06-06 10:47:31,767 [[MuleRuntime].io.44: [veevavault-connector-demo].get-documents-operationFlow.BLOCKING @108e7f43] [event: 624cfa50-881a-11e9-90e2-d61515f42856] org.mule.runtime.core.internal.exception.OnErrorPropagateHandler:

**********************************************************************************

Message : An error occurred from the Veeva Vault API.
Error Code: API_LIMIT_EXCEED.
Original Error Message: The Veeva Vault Connector has reached/exceeded daily API limit remaining calls [10000]. The configured daily api limit threshold is (10000).
Error type : VEEVAVAULT:API_LIMIT_EXCEED

**********************************************************************************
----
+

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|*Field* |*Description*

> |*API Limit Threshold* |Enter the API threshold limit. When the specified limit is reached or exceeded, the connector waits for the specified time. The default is `10000`.

Reviewer: what is the unit?

Author: This is the limit for API requests, so no unit.

|===
+
*Response Timeout:*
+

> The maximum time in milliseconds that the connector will wait for the Veeva Vault response. If the maximum time is exceeded, a timeout exception is thrown. The default is 30,000 milliseconds.		

Reviewer: ditto format
```suggestion
The maximum time, in milliseconds, that the connector waits for the Veeva Vault response
If the maximum time is exceeded, a timeout exception is thrown. The default is 30,000 milliseconds.		
```
